#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extarticle
\begin_preamble
\date{}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman times
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine natbib_authoryear
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\headheight 3cm
\headsep 3cm
\footskip 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
\size large
\color black
Cover Letter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Dear Editor, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our manuscript “A quantitative analysis about the impact on chromatin accessibil
ity by histone modifications and binding of transcription factors in DNase
 I hypersensitive sites” is under submission to “BioMed Research International”.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is known that chromatin features such as histone modifications and the
 binding of transcription factors exert a significant impact on the “openness”
 of chromatin.
 In this study, we present a quantitative analysis of the genome-wide relationsh
ip between chromatin features and chromatin accessibility.
 We derived quantitative models to directly predict the “openness” of chromatin
 using histone modification features and transcription factor binding features
 respectively.
 We show that both these two types of features are highly predictive for
 chromatin accessibility in a statistical viewpoint.
 Our study provides new insights into the combinatorial effects of different
 chromatin features to chromatin accessibility.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Your favorable consideration would be highly appreciated.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Yours sincerely, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lu Xie, Ph.D., M.D., Professor 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Vice Director, PI of Translational Medicine Group 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Shanghai Center for Bioinformation Technology 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1278 Keyuan Rd.
 Fl.
 2, Shanghai 201203, P.R.China 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tel/Fax: +86-21-20283705; Email: xielu@scbit.org 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Homepage: 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "http://www.scbit.org/scbit_en/pages/detailEntry.do?id=3&cid=5"
target "http://www.scbit.org/scbit_en/pages/detailEntry.do?id=3&cid=5"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
